# Breast Cancer Diagnostic Classification Using Random Forest Algorithm\
I am using Wisconsin Breast Cancer Diagnostic Dataset from scikit-learn, which is a classic and very easy binary classification dataset. It has 569 instances, and attributes; including: 30 numeric, predictive attributes and the class. The objective is to build a machine learning model for predicting whether a breast tumor is benign (0) or malignant (1) using Random Forest Algorithm. You can access the dataset through this link: https://scikit-learn.org/1.5/modules/generated/sklearn.datasets.load_breast_cancer.html#sklearn.datasets.load_breast_cancer.

# Project Overview
The dataset consists of 30 numeric features describing the characteristics of breast cancer cells, including size and shape of the cells, texture, area, smoothness and more. There are two target labels in this dataset to determine whether a tumor is malignant (cancerous) and benign (non-cancerous).

# Goal
1. The primary goal of this project is to build a machine learning model that can accurately predict whether a breast tumor is benign (non-cancerous) or malignant (cancerous) based on its characteristics
2. Build a classification model using Random Forest to classify breast tumors based on the available features.
3. Explore and visualize the Random Forest to understand the rules generated by the model.

# Insights
1. Random Forest is a promising model: The Random Forest model achieves high accuracy scores and is more accurate than single decision trees, suggesting that this model is a suitable algorithm for this task is sustainable. It also provides insight into the importance of features, helping to understand the model's decision-making process.
2. This model can help in medical diagnostics, detect cancer more quickly and types of breast cancer such as size, shape, texture and cell symmetry, which is important in early detection and health care
3. Texture and smoothness have less influence: Features like texture and smoothness showed weaker correlations with the target variable, indicating they might be less important for classification.

If you have any questions, suggestions or feedbacks, please do not hesitate to reach me out through Email or LinkedIn: nurulizzaputrii@gmail.com or www.linkedin.com/in/nurul-izza-putri-842395349
